now price range is making me feel like
this side of not having coins not being
able to get a team like this then go
check out my new friends and fifa coins
cake and 8% discount off your future hey
guys what's going on JP I'm welcome back
to another team see some bonus League
and defender of you and to that if you
got the team of the season now to apply
review them big boy from Wolfsburg guys
we've smashed over 75 likes again for
another tough interview they'll be
absolutely awesome and comment down
below what video you want to see
tomorrow I think I'm gonna bring a fatal
and an informal coterie of you so let me
know cause no matter how that sounds and
up again subscribe to my channel if you
are new around here okay guys so this is
a team I played in a very nice
Bundesliga team and sec air on this 88
rated seventh season card you got 80
paise 94 defending 89 physical 74,000
six seven shooting and 65 dribbling
here's a first owner I did Peckham
however you can see his price ranges in
the bottom right corner and this
six-game she's got me one goal and got
me to it sense as well as a red card but
there's not too bad a returner for a
sinner backs up moving over in tinning
game stats now he is Brazilian
he's success holy he's massive he
can play centre back and center back
only full stoie foot to Stas Co hybrid
even work rights and he is right footed
look at the sillies fish IDs now you got
to complete the fender with tactician
tech lane free kicks distance shooting
area for it here's a power unit injury
current and power free-kick traits as
well so one of things that looking at
the physical comparison down you've got
91 interceptions 73 acceleration but 84
sprint speed and that big 99 strength
and also 99 short power 99 hitting
accuracy 92 freak spell series 7 full
control 88 short pass and you know
you've also got 96 tentacle and 80 a
slide tackle so moving up to the clips
now the pulse is about this team season
avocado is his positioning is excellent
he is always at the scene of the crime
before it happens like seriously he is
just always perfectly positioned his
tackling is perfect 101 he never loses
because he just smashes the guy you know
good tackling his interceptions a really
on point as well he reads the game so
well and he just stops things from
happening you know he stops the attack
from developing into something which can
really hurt your team but two
improvements that I found with his card
is one his passing is absolutely
incredible you know this is a real
passing centre-back like look at that
honestly just spraying the ball all over
the fields you know his passing is just
sick and attend none and also this cart
feels noticeably pace yeah then his
other cards you know you can tell that
there is a pace difference you no longer
think of now he's kind of slow I'm gonna
go for someone else Hammond Boateng
oh Michael that would be incredible
together hits eating his own pee he
never loses a hit of this card you know
really in the end he is always gonna be
coming out on top even against that
record-breaking crouch he is just so
good at hitting he's got decent shooting
as you can see there 99 power Opie the
only bad news I found about him is he
does struggle to turn a little bit you
know his agility is bad and if it's if
it goes past them it's pretty much past
them and also his reactions are a little
slow sometimes you know he does
sometimes start to react to things in
time but overall this card is really
solid nothing if you pin him with
someone like Bo tank boy you know jiang
xiu outwitted his name is you know what
i mean he would be really good with a
Pacey I sitting back kind of give him a
9.5 but it seems very very good card his
agility and reactions living down by
popping the Hayes pit but if you haven't
chose tennis season now to apply for you
please do leave a like Kobe smash over
hundred likes I'll be absolutely awesome
comment down below what video you want
to see next and don't forget subscribe
to my channel if you are new aren't here
so you like or sub and I'll catch you
guys all next time